Xiaoyan, you are finally willing to answer the phone. Mom has an accident.
Mom
Xiaoyan, you are here
Who the hell put you here?
I don't know who that woman is either
He carried two buns
Said it would give me ten years of revenge
Don't let you play jokes
I don't miss you
I called you and you didn't answer
They forced me out.
So I couldn't help it, so I came to you
It's too much.
I remember your building
It seems to be the area where you are responsible for the re-examination.
If so
That's just too much.
Vice President although I thank you very much
The usual help for me and my husband and wife
But today it's really gone too far.
My mom was kicked out at night
What if he encounters any danger?
Uncle, don't worry.
I will definitely give you an explanation for this matter.
Someone must have done it themselves
I will definitely give you and your mother an explanation.
Why don't you help my mother into the house to rest first?
OK
small payment
Come here.
Vice President, scold me
This matter is more urgent
I was going to inform you